Add support to specify package and refactors to funcbench (#405)
prometheus/test-infra: prombench/README.md

## Usage

### Trigger tests via a Github comment.

> <!-- If you change the heading, please change the anchor at 7a_commentmonitor_configmap_noparse.yaml aswell. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If you change the heading, also change the anchor in the comment monitor config map. -->
```

no need to be that specific. Error prone as filenames change quite often and there is no way you would remember to update the filename here as well.
